hey guys it's candy and I'm here with a
first impression review of something
super new and exciting so Naked palette
a new Naked palette out from Urban Decay
and I'm just have to show you guys who's
not paid to tell you this or anything
like that guys I'm just showing you cuz
it's new and maybe you want a review are
you ready for the new Naked basics done
pizza done let me very hard to open or
here is the new colors all matte all
nude all muted tophi colors that are
gorgeous so here is a good side by side
down below we have the old Naked basics
the original you can see more yellow
bright colors and then up here you can
see the newer palette more tophi muted
colors for a beautiful smokey eye just I
love these kind of topi grey brown
colors and like these more more little
warm peachy flesh colors that I just
love and the bonus is these are also
great brow colors so let me zoom in so
on my brows I use this primal color if
you have lighter brows you could use
frisk or cover and then mix in a little
bit of start for how light your eyebrows
get to more blond so I actually got all
of these colors on my eyes today and I
love them it's just a really nude matte
color because sometimes you don't want
to be sparkly or shimmery you just want
a really pretty nude kind of topi smokey
eye and this might just be great to add
to your pouch not saying you got to go
out and buy this but if you're in the
market for a nude kind of topi totally
matte palette this is really good and
you can double extra power use it for
your eyebrows too so this is coming out
August 19th this guy should be out so
you can add it to your your naked
arsenal if you're a big naked palette
fans the colors are really pigmented
they really last long and they're really
blendable their formulation has
something and ingredient there that
makes them really blendable so they just
kind of mix and meld with all the other
ones so the naked 3 with a little too
pink so if you don't want the pink topi
and nude is the way to go
I know if you guys want to see more
reviews and what you guys would like me
to review and always remember that your
beauty doesn't come from all the makeup
or thing that you slap on your face your
real beauty comes from the way that you
make people feel around you so always
remember that I love you I'm always here
if you want to watch the video of me and
it feel like I'm talking to you and make
sure you subscribe so you don't miss out
more videos like this if you like it
you've been probably all over the place
that on everywhere Instagram Twitter
Facebook I just sent a ring flying um
tumblr all those with my blog can DJ
calm you can look at all those places
I'll put links you can find me
everywhere so huge house muah that we'll
see you guys in the next video
right